README.md, before:

## Webcompat Issue Importer

This tool allows importing of issues from external sources to the webcompat.com web-bugs repo.

If you're interested in doing this, please reach out to miket@mozilla.com so he can give your GitHub username push rights to the repo (otherwise this tool won't work).

### JSON schema

The JSON passed in is validated against the following JSON schema:

``` python
SCHEMA = {
    "type": "object",
    "properties": {
        "url": {"type": "string"},
        "title": {"type": "string"},
        "browser": {"type": "string"},
        "version": {"type": "string"},
        "body": {"type": "string"},
        "labels": {
            "type": "array",
            "items": {
                "type": "string"
            }
        },
    },
    "required": ["url", "title", "browser", "version", "body"]
}
```

See [http://json-schema.org/](http://json-schema.org/) for more information.

### Usage
1) Install dependencies

`pip install -r requirements.txt`

2) Create a `config.py` file, and add a valid [OAuth token](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-an-access-token-for-command-line-use).

`cp config.py.example config.py`

3) Point the tool to a valid JSON file which contains a single issue. The importer will let you know if the JSON isn't valid.

`python import.py issue.json`

If successful, the tool will print the URL of the newly created issue.
If there's a JSON schema error, a description of the error will be printed.
If there's some kind of other error, the response status code the GitHub API returned will be printed. The [GitHub API documentation](https://developer.github.com/v3/) is helpful in these cases.

To print all the labels used in the repo's issues:

`python import.py -l`

### Running Tests

Use the `nosetests` command.

### License

This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public
License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this
file, You can obtain one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.

Commit message:

Support piping in file objects from stdin. Closes #4.

README.md, after:

## Webcompat Issue Importer

This tool allows importing of issues from external sources to the webcompat.com web-bugs repo.

If you're interested in doing this, please reach out to miket@mozilla.com so he can give your GitHub username push rights to the repo (otherwise this tool won't work).

### JSON schema

The JSON passed in is validated against the following JSON schema:

``` python
SCHEMA = {
    "type": "object",
    "properties": {
        "url": {"type": "string"},
        "title": {"type": "string"},
        "browser": {"type": "string"},
        "version": {"type": "string"},
        "body": {"type": "string"},
        "labels": {
            "type": "array",
            "items": {
                "type": "string"
            }
        },
    },
    "required": ["url", "title", "browser", "version", "body"]
}
```

See [http://json-schema.org/](http://json-schema.org/) for more information.

### Usage
1) Install dependencies

`pip install -r requirements.txt`

2) Create a `config.py` file, and add a valid [OAuth token](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-an-access-token-for-command-line-use).

`cp config.py.example config.py`

3) Point the tool to a valid JSON file which contains a single issue. The importer will let you know if the JSON isn't valid.

`python import.py issue.json`

You can also pipe in a valid JSON file from `stdin`.

`cat issue.json | python import.py`

If successful, the tool will print the URL of the newly created issue.
If there's a JSON schema error, a description of the error will be printed.
If there's some kind of other error, the response status code the GitHub API returned will be printed. The [GitHub API documentation](https://developer.github.com/v3/) is helpful in these cases.

To print all the labels used in the repo's issues:

`python import.py -l`

### Running Tests

Use the `nosetests` command.

### License

This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public
License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this
file, You can obtain one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.
